Subordinates commit felonies
The dragon master still wants to forgive
It will surely defeat the apprentice in the future
No two hearts
How is the task entrusted to you?
I have already arranged for Triumph Yunting.
At that time, the dragon master can enjoy the highest authority with this black card
As for the Su family
Say it's tonight
Qinzhou 33 families
Will start project cooperation with Su Group
As far as I know
The order value here is just 10 billion.
And the supporters behind this
She is Qin Banwei, the daughter of the Qin family in the imperial capital
This Qin Banwei
Good means are dull under the tree
He also explained the confusion of Lord Qingming
Rising Dragon Banquet tonight
Dragon Monument Collapse
Sakyamuni unrest
Follow this world
Suka will be ostracized in every possible way
Can never look up in Qinzhou
Why did the Qin family give the Su family such an opportunity?
This is not an opportunity.
It's a choice. It's a life-and-death decision.
Su Lin made himself noble
I thought that for the past three years
They all saved the Su family before life and death
Qin Banruo obviously saw this too
He let the Qinzhou Thirty-third Family
In cooperation with the Su Group
cooperation
The order happens to be the same as the cooperation with Shenlongyan project.
No more no less
Exactly ten billion
This is to give Su Linyan a chance to make a choice
If Su Linyan could recognize that she gave up cooperation
Then the Su family can barely survive
On the contrary, Ruosulinyan accepted tens of billions of orders
Then Su's Group will invest everything
It seems beautiful
But Su Linyan didn't know
He has lost the support of his master